Hello,

Going through the document i have the following understanding of the system, so would like to share and confirm it as well


Happy candidates is a carreer growth website platform from the owner of the site for jobseekers or candidates along with service providers
Vendors

There are 3 users here; -
1) Site Owner(Super Admin)
2) Service provider (Employer)
3) Jobseeker Candidate

e.g and individual or a group of site owner XYZ have n no of Employers / Service Providers and having n no of candidates / job seekers?

Have listed few of the features for each user there might be more

1) Site Owner is responsible for; -
   a) create and manage carreer portal for service provider?
   b) Create and manage service provider(Employer) account?
   c) create and manage categories for traning material
   d) Order management as service provider account is ordered to super admin
   e) Overall access to system data and features like candidates, service providers, statistics

2) Service providers; -
   a) create and manage carreer portal
   b) create and manage training courses, webinars, podcast, screencast, quiz, exam, certificates for job seeker
   c) manage orders from job seekers
   d) create and manage subscription pacakages for the training materials
   e) create and manage their profile information
   

3) Job seekers; -
   a) create and manage their profile information
   b) Subscribe to the traning or carreer growth programs
   c) Search jobs and save the searches
   d) register for the carrer portal for a particular service provider
   e) create and maintain their professional profile
   f) apply for job offers



Happy candidates generates the profit for the site owner and service providers interms of currency and
for jobseeker in terms of carreer growth.


Please confirm the above concept and my understanding on happy candidate


Below are the questions or doubts that i have for now as per current understanding; -

1) Can you please confirm the definition for happy candidates and the users of the system?
2) Are carreer portals the portal for service providers?
3) Why does super admin create carreer portal for service providers? why cant service providers themselves create
   carreer portals?
4) Does every carreer portal have its own login and registration for job seeker? 
   i.e there will be a different job seeker account in happy candidates and carreer portal of a service provider?
5) How is the revenue shared or profit made?
   i.e. A service provider buys an account from the website owner than all the account price for the service provider
   is credited directly to website owner?
  
   If a candidate buys any carreer  program or study material the purchased amount is shared between Service provider
   and the site owner as per the set commission?
6) A job seeker or candidate on completion of any training program can apply for job to service provider or even without follwoing the training program?
7) can candidate might be registered with more than 1 service provider in their career portals?
8) Candidates my path describes the preparation or the training progress for a particular service provider? right?
9) candidate can subscribe for different training programs belonging to different service providers?
10) Is there order managment for service providers? are there any subscription pacakages for service providers?
    Is there any notification system if pacakage is close to expiry?
11) Learning management system is for Service providers and job seekers where the service providers add courses, its fees, duration, study material, quiz, exam and certificate
    and job seeker enroll to courses, and study materials, appear for quiz and exam and get certificates right?
12) Does a particular job seeker has to register with service provider in its carreer portal?
13) Each service provider registration form on carreer portal might differ?
14) Service provider might have feature to build the registration form?
15) Each service provider might have its own key factors to judge the candidates capability? i.e the factors like exp, skills, etc might vary for each 
    Service provider?
16) Is payment gateway transactions done through paypal?
17) Is the carreer portal a seprate website created for Service Providers?
    i.e if there are n no of Service providers than there will be n no of websites? 